After the [[House Adarbrent|Adarbrent]] family moved to the northern city of [[Luskan]] in the Sword's Coast, relations between the mercantile family and the [[Tritons|triton]] families of [[House Snow|Snow]] and [[House Y'tei|Y'tei]] soon grew strong. The [[House Adarbrent|Adarbrent]] family promised the houses an opportunity for expansion and trade, and in return [[House Y'tei|family Y'tei]] offered energy from the oceanic thermal vents, while the Snow family offered their skills as [[Leviathan slayers]]. Over the years, these families grew closer and closer, as the [[House Adarbrent|Adarbrent]] family found their way into nobility. As the ties grew stronger, the families soon began to intermingle between themselves.

[[Lucien Snow]] is a result of a special sort of intermingling of a man of [[House Snow|house Snow]] and a lady of [[House Adarbrent|house Adarbrent]].

A [[Tritons|triton boy]] conceived after a night of merriment during the [[Feast of the Moon]]. He was raised by two human parents of the noble family, and as such he learned of trade routes, cartography, and other naval trade skills. However, while he studied, he could never shake the feeling of being an imposter within his [[House Adarbrent|family]]. Although he was the eldest of his siblings, they soared far above him in their studies as he lagged further and further behind. While he was indeed the oldest, his parents did not see him as fit for carrying on with the family business. After all, his siblings were far better choices than he was.

As he reached his teenage years, he became more and more ostracized by the other members of his [[House Adarbrent|family]]. He began to hear stories from the older parts of the family about how his birth was an act of sin, and that he was no better than those  [[Tritons|"untrustworthy kin-eating cretins of the sea."]] This pushed him to become more and more secluded from the rest of his house, only visited by his kind [[Kari Adarbrent|mother]]. She would tell him stories about how things weren't as they are now. That his real [[Calder Snow|father]] was a heroic man of a once close family, and of the wonderous deeds of the once trused house.

At first, [[Lucien Snow|Lucien]] handled the seclusion pretty poorly, but over the years, he appeared to cope better and better. During the first year, he would cling heavily to whoever would allow him to get even moderately close to them. But, as the years passed, this clinginess lessened. [[Lucien Snow|Lucien]] had developed an imaginary friend. Whenever left alone, he would begin talking to himself, about what had happened throughout his day, and would even play games with them. No one paid this much mind, other than considering him to be a little weirder than they may have originally thought. 

As time passed, however, additional voices could be heard coming from [[Lucien Snow|Lucien's]] room, but whenever inspected, he was still alone. Furthermore, the members of his [[House Adarbrent|house]] would claim to see him running through the halls in one direction, only to be greeted by him in the opposite direction.

These strange happenings would continue to haunt the [[House Adarbrent|Adarbrent]] family whilst [[Lucien Snow|Lucien]] resided there. He would insist that this was all due to his 'imaginary friend,' though, unsurprisingly, no one believed him other than his [[Kari Adarbrent|mother]], who was still skeptical of the true nature of the phenomena.  

Once he reached the age of 18 years, he was considered an adult by the other members of his house, Inspired by the stories from his [[Kari Adarbrent|mother]], he sought to become a great hero, like his [[Calder Snow|father]], hoping to clear the false stain of the old house. He trained for four years with the use of martial weapons, and naval battles. He was especially keen of tight arenas, using the constricting space to his advantage.

Upon his 23rd birthday, he finally set out on his journey to right the wrongs peddled by [[House Adarbrent|house Adarbrent]], heading first to the capital of Waterdeep...